Added documentation for `scope` property (#608)
zeit/docs: pages/docs/v2/deployments/configuration.mdx

}`}</Code>
</Example>

### scope

**Type**: `String`.

> **Valid values**: For teams, either a ID or slug. For users, either a email address, username or ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Valid values**: For teams, either an ID or slug. For users, either a email address, username, or ID.
```

> This field determines the scope (user or team) under which the project will be deployed by Now CLI. Furthermore, it also affects any other actions that the user takes within the directory that contains this configuration (e.g. listing secrets using `now secrets ls`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This property determines the scope ([user or team](/docs/v2/platform/users-and-teams/)) under which the project will be deployed by Now CLI. Furthermore, it also affects any other actions that the user takes within the directory that contains this configuration (e.g. listing [secrets](https://zeit.co/docs/v2/deployments/environment-variables-and-secrets/#securing-environment-variables-using-secrets) using `now secrets ls`).
```
